<p>1. Throughout this course I did gain more knowledge to help me become more effective within my field of study.I learned and now understand the MVC or Model-View-Controller pattern. The MVC pattern divides an app into separate components which are the Model, View, and Controller as the name suggests. The model retrieves and updates the data in a data store such as a database, it applies business rules to that data, and it validates that data. The view is used to display the UI (user interface) and also creates the HTML, CSS, and JavaScript that the app sends to the browser in response to the browser’s HTTP request. The Controller is in charge of controlling the flow of data between the model and the view and receives the HTTP request from the browser, determines what data to get from the model, and then sends the data from the model to the appropriate view. Another thing I learned about is ORM (Object-Relational Mapping) It allows us to work with databases using object-oriented approach by not needing to write SQL queries. Entity Framework Core is an ORM, with this, it helps us define data models, create database migrations, handle database transactions and allows us to create, read, update, and delete also known as CRUD. I also learned about Razor Pages in ASP.NET Core. Razor pages allow us to use HTML and C# combined to create a web page and improve the web app's maintainability if needed. Overall I gained a lot of experience throughout the labs we completed during the semester and gave me a good foundation to eventually add on to it.</p>

2. Three features that can be added to improve my application for users is on the FAQ page where People can submit their questions and eventually be answered by an administrator. Another feature that can be added is on the Events page where I have a list of the events and users can just click on and automatically scroll down to the event rather than needing to scroll down to it. One last feature I would add is be able to slide through multiple images of a product rather than one to give the user different angles of the product to ensure the user the quality of the product.
<p>3. I have decided to code the automatic scrolling feature to my events page. I used the scrollspy component using bootstrap and implemented it within the Events.cshtml within the Home folder in the Views folder. It can automatically update navigation or list group components based on scroll position to indicate which link is currently active in the viewport. It uses an anchor to be able to scroll where the developer desires so I anchored it to each event I had.</p>

4.I changed the background color of the whole web app to lightslategrey to keep the MGN Clothing Co. theme and changed the background color of the FAQ page in FAQ.cshtml to cornflower blue to give the web app some color.
<p>I changed the font of the web application within the custom.css file in the css folder from Arial to Times New Roman to make it easier on the eyes. </p>
I changed the navbar in _Layout.cshtml from this
<p><nav class="navbar navbar-expand-sm navbar-toggleable-sm navbar-dark bg-secondary border-bottom box-shadow mb-3"></p>
To this
<p><nav class="navbar navbar-expand-sm navbar-toggleable-sm navbar-light bg-navbar></p>
This will allow the navbar to blend into the background color.


